the military police of confresa met a
called at least unusual at night
this Sunday , September 23 here in the
municipality of confresa to 1200
kilometers from the capital of mato grosso
cuiabá
a 59-year-old elderly person would be
sexually abusing a bitch the
crime would have happened in this old iron
neighbors triggered the police after the
intense cries of the suspect's
to be addressed did not deny the fact and thus
was taken to the police station
civil
the service trim is coming out in this
morning
commanded by fininho cord received a
complaint that someone was mistreating the
animal
the neighbors that was dog and tango
now only the police officer went to the place where
heard the cries of poor dog
That's when they knocked on the door and there
sir appeared asked
What is happening and himself?
confirmed that he was abusing
sexually that animal
facing such a situation now the police
and the animal led and blessed
police station accused of ill-treatment
He will respond for the crime of evil.
animal treatment
exactly has been booked
respond to the potential that it is a
offensive potential offense
the elderly would have mental problems and
would take daily medications
controlled
he is still detained at the police station.
civil police because it exists
an arrest warrant for homicide
open on your behalf
the case is still being investigated and the
possibility is that it is forwarded
to the public jail chain of Porto Alegre
north